Add New Account Creation Mechanism on Asset Hubs (#11)
polkadot-fellows/RFCs: text/RFC-0011-Add New Account Creation Mechanism on Asset Hubs.md

creation. The current paths are:

1. An account can have the existential deposit of DOT;
1. An account can have the minimum balance of a sufficient asset;
1. Someone else can create an account in the context of an asset class by placing a deposit in DOT.
   This path is only available to the asset class's `Admin` or `Freezer`.

This RFC proposes a fourth path that does not introduce prior steps for either the sender or
receiver of the asset.

### Requirements

- The system MUST be secure against economic attacks that allow an attacker to create a virtually
  unlimited number of accounts.
- The system SHOULD allow users to hold and transact in any asset without _separately and priorly_
  acquiring DOT.

## Stakeholders

- Polkadot users
- Wallet and UI/UX developers

## Explanation

By using the Asset Conversion protocol, the system can convert any asset to DOT as long as there is
a path from that asset to DOT. As such, we can rely on the economic security provided by the
existential deposit of DOT by simply converting some amount of the asset being transferred to the
existential deposit.

> This conversion only need happen when the account does not yet exist. When the destination account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This conversion only needs to happen when the account does not yet exist. When the destination account
```
As an illiterate non-native speaker I might be wrong 😅

        Self::do_transfer(asset, from, destination, amount, ..)?;
    } else {
        // The destination does not exist and the user has opted in to create it via a swap.
        //
        // We will try to swap the asset provided for the existential deposit, depositing the ED in
        // the destination account. If the asset does not have an Asset Conversion pair with DOT or
        // the asset amount isn't enough to acquire the existential deposit, this will fail. But we
        // generally think (a) pairs will exist, and (b) the ED is small and UIs can easily verify
        // that this should succeed, so failures should be rare.
        //
        // The swap returns the amount of the asset consumed to acquire the ED.
        let consumed = Swap::swap_tokens_for_exact_tokens(
            from,                // sender
            vec![asset, dot],    // path, where `dot` is Multilocation {parents: 1, interior: Here}
            existential_deposit, // amount_out, we need the ED for the account
            destination,         // send_to
            ..
        )?;
        // We used some asset for the swap, so we have to subtract that from the amount.

>         let remaining_asset_amount = amount.saturating_sub(consumed);

Reviewer: Could it be additive instead of subtractive? I think if the sender agrees on `create_destination` it understands better the mechanics of the transfer and might be willing to cover the ED, the recipient on the other hand might be a new user how doesn't understand why he's getting 99.99 instead of the 100 he agreed to with the sender.

Author: Yeah, could be an option. That's getting more into the implementation detail. I think it gets to the core question of this RFC: Should AH directly add in a path to create accounts via Asset Conversion, or rely on people doing something like batching multiple calls together to handle the destination's existence? IMO, yes, with configuration options like "sender pays, receiver pays, fail if nonexistent".

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this is now handled on the frontend by "guesstimating" the destination fee and adding it to the amount "sent"
